E-MAIL FOR LIVINGSOCIAL CUSTOMERS WITH PASSWORD INFO

Subject: LivingSocial.com Security Update – Create New Password

LivingSocial recently experienced a cyber-attack on our computer systems that
resulted in unauthorized access to some customer data from our servers. We are
actively working with law enforcement to investigate this issue.

The information accessed includes names, email addresses, date of birth for some
users, and encrypted passwords -- technically ‘hashed’ and ‘salted’ passwords. We
never store passwords in plain text.

The database that stores customer credit card information was not affected or
accessed.

Although your LivingSocial password would be difficult to decode, we want to take
every precaution to ensure that your account is secure, so we are expiring your old
password and requesting that you create a new one.

For your security, please create a new password by clicking the button below.

       [INSERT CREATE NEW PASSWORD BUTTON]

We also encourage you, for your own personal data security, to consider changing
password(s) on any other sites on which you use the same or similar password(s).

The security of your information is our priority. We always strive to ensure the
security of our customer information, and we are redoubling efforts to prevent any
issues in the future.

Please note that LivingSocial will never ask you directly for personal or account
information in an email. We will always direct you to the LivingSocial website – and
require you to login – before making any changes to your account. Please disregard
any emails claiming to be from LivingSocial that request such information or direct
you to a different website that asks for such information.

If you have additional questions about this process, please visit
livingsocial.com/createpassword. There you can find instructions on creating a new
password, answers to frequently asked questions, and a tool to submit a support
request online.

We are sorry this incident occurred, and we look forward to continuing to introduce
you to new and exciting things to do in your community.
EMAIL FOR FACEBOOK CONNECT CUSTOMERS AND USERS WITHOUT PASSWORDS

Subject: LivingSocial.com Account Update

LivingSocial recently experienced a cyber-attack on our computer systems that
resulted in unauthorized access to some customer data from our servers. We are
actively working with law enforcement to investigate this issue.

The information accessed includes names, email addresses, date of birth for some
users, and encrypted passwords -- technically ‘hashed’ and ‘salted’ passwords. We
never store passwords in plain text.

Two things you should know:

   1. The database that stores customer credit card information was not affected
      or accessed.
   2. If you connect to LivingSocial using Facebook Connect, your Facebook
      credentials were not compromised.

You do not need to take any action at this time, but we wanted to be sure you were
fully informed of what happened.

The security of your information is our priority. We always strive to ensure the
security of our customer information, and we are redoubling efforts to prevent any
issues in the future.

Please note that LivingSocial will never ask you directly for personal or account
information in an email. We will always direct you to the LivingSocial website – and
require you to login – before making any changes to your account. Please disregard
any emails claiming to be from LivingSocial that request such information or direct
you to a website that asks for such information.

We are sorry this incident occurred, and we look forward to continuing to introduce
you to new and exciting things to do in your community. If you have additional
questions about this process, please visit livingsocial.com/createpassword.
